Refactor `SUPERVISOR_POLL_INTERVAL` description to mention back off (#1834)
balena-os/balena-supervisor: docs/configurations.md

| BALENA_SUPERVISOR_VPN_CONTROL | boolean | false | true | Enable / Disable VPN service on device. | v1.1.0 |
| BALENA_SUPERVISOR_CONNECTIVITY_CHECK | boolean | false | true | Enable / Disable VPN connectivity check | v1.3.0 |
| BALENA_SUPERVISOR_LOG_CONTROL | boolean | false | true | Enable / Disable logs being sent to the balena API | v1.3.0 |

> | BALENA_SUPERVISOR_POLL_INTERVAL | integer | false | 900000 | Define the balena API poll interval in milliseconds. This value can increase if the device needs to backoff due to server errors. The minimum value for this variable is defined by the balenaCloud backend, and may vary. | v1.3.0 |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| BALENA_SUPERVISOR_POLL_INTERVAL | integer | false | 900000 | Define the balena API poll interval in milliseconds. The poll interval will increase exponentially in response to 503 errors from the server, resetting to this value when 503's are no longer received. The minimum value for this variable is defined by the balenaCloud backend, and may vary. | v1.3.0 |
```
